README.md, before:

# CIRCUS API Tools

Currently, this tool can:

- Show user's preference (primarily for testing the auth status)
- Download case data as MHD

## Install

1. Install [Node](https://nodejs.org/). **Node 18** or later is required.

2. Run the following command (NPM is a node package manager that will be installed along with Node itself):

   ```
   npm install -g @utrad-ical/circus-api-util
   ```

3. Run the following command to check if the API client has been successfully installed:

   ```
   circus-api-util --version
   ```

4. Create a file called `.circusapirc` in your home directory. Its contents should look like the following:

   ```
   CIRCUS_API_TOKEN=3bac24b0c2f79085c5fceb15c7fffb9565a39062
   CIRCUS_API_ENDPOINT=http://111.222.333.444/api/
   ```

5. Run the following command to check if the API can connect to a running CIRCUS API server:

   ```
   circus-api-util preferences
   ```

   It will display the list of your preferences. If it fails, check if the `.circusapirc` has been properly configured.

Commit message:

Edit README and explain `login` command

README.md, after:

# CIRCUS API Tools

This is an API client to connect to CIRCUS API Server.

Currently, this tool can:

- Show user's preference (primarily for testing the auth status)
- Download case data as MHD

**Note:** This is an HTTP client that works by accessing CIRCUS API Server (REST API). CIRCUS also provides admin CLI, which is available only for server administrators. Some operations may work more efficiently via admin CLI because it does not use HTTP connections.

## Install

1. Install [Node](https://nodejs.org/). **Node 18** or later is required. Node 17 or below won't work!

2. Run the following command (NPM should have been installed along with Node itself):

   ```
   npm install -g @utrad-ical/circus-api-util
   ```

   This will install the client globally, i.e., somewhere in your PATH.

3. Run the following command to store an API token to your machine:

   ```
   circus-api-util login
   ```

   You will be prompted to enter two values:

   - **API Endpoint**, e.g., "http://111.222.333.444/api/".
   - **API Token**, e.g., "3bac24b0c2f79085c5fceb15c7fffb9565a39062". This can be generated via the web UI.

   These data will be stored in the `.circusapirc` file in your home directory.

   **Tip:** Alternatively, you can export the following two environment variables:

   - `CIRCUS_API_TOKEN`
   - `CIRCUS_API_ENDPOINT`

4. Run the following command to check if the client can connect to a running CIRCUS API server:

   ```
   circus-api-util preferences
   ```

   This will display the list of your preferences. If it fails, return to the previous step and check if the given values are correct.
